# Sample-Code
Examples of scripts I've written in past projects.

Here is a collection of some scripts I've written over three previous projects.
Project One - NeonRun (First person endless shoot-em-up. Finished and published.)
- AccountInfo is the script describing the logic handling player accounts in-game. I has serialized data fields that handle persistent values between game sessions, such as player credits, owned weapons, etc.
- PlayerBehavior is the script that handles the majority of the player's controls and actions in game. It features checks for different inputs on part of the player as well as different modes of movement depending on where the player is in the game world.

Project Two - DeadMall (First person roguelike where the player traverses a completely procedurally generated haunted mall from the early 90's. WIP)
- MallVeinBehavior describes the behavior of "veins" which branch out and into each other and generate mall hallways and tiles.
- ProtoTileBehavior is the script used by specific tiles generated by the veins. Tiles are placed and then generate walls and empty spaces according to what is around them, such that they form rooms and hallways correctly.

Project Three - Arcology Dreams (A city builder sim where the player builds an ecologically sustainable arcology, or a city within a single building. 2021 Climate Jam Honorable Mention!)
- MouseHolder is just a simple script that handles the movement, placement, and delete of buildable objects controlled by the mouse in-game.
